Add metadata discussion. (#60)
ietf-wg-privacypass/base-drafts: draft-ietf-privacypass-architecture.md

See {{privacy}} for more details about maintaining privacy with multiple
servers.

# Metadata

Certain instantiations of Privacy Pass may permit public or private
metadata to be cryptographically bound to a token. As an example, one
trivial way to include public metadata is to assign a unique issuer
public key for each value of metadata, such that N keys yields log2(N)
bits of metadata. The total amount of metadata bits included in a token
is the sum of public and private metadata bits. See {{parametrization}}
for discussion about metadata limits.

Public metadata is that which clients can observe as part of the token
issuance flow. Public metadata can either be transparent or opaque. For
example, transparent public metadata is a value that the client either
generates itself, or the server provides during the issuance flow and
the client can check for correctness. Opaque public metadata is metadata
the client can see but cannot check for correctness. As an example, the
opaque public metadata might be a "fraud detection signal", computed on
behalf of the server, during token issuance. In normal circumstances,
clients cannot determine if this value is correct or otherwise a tracking

> vector.

Reviewer: We may want to provide references to constructions that permit such metadata to be added (links to KLOS20 and the FB paper). However, it might just be better to wait for the CFRG drafts?

Author: Nah, citing them here is a good idea. Let me add them!

Author: Done!

Private metadata is that which clients cannot observe as part of the token

> issuance flow. In {{draft-davidson-pp-protocol}}, it is possible to include

Reviewer: We probably need to update the refs to use the new WG versions.
```suggestion
issuance flow. In {{draft-ietf-privacypass-protocol}}, it is possible to include
```

private metadata to redemption tokens. The core protocol instantiation that
is described does not include additional metadata. However, future instantiations
may use this functionality to provide redemption verifiers with additional
information about the user.

> 

Reviewer: It might be worth separating the last two paragraphs as they relate mostly to privacy considerations. What do you think?

```suggestion

## Client privacy implications

```

Author: Yeah, good call :-)
